Add Core team repo transfer instructions (#3358)
nf-core/website: sites/docs/src/content/docs/checklists/community_governance/core_team.mdx

2.  [ ] Check that large files cannot be reduced or subsetted.
3.  [ ] Select **Amazon S3-managed keys (SSE-S3)** and create the pipeline directory in the S3 bucket.

## Repository transfer to nf-core organisation

1. [ ] Request repository ownership transfer from the developer.

>     - If the repository is under an organisation account, ask the developer to add a core team member as a co-owner.
>     - If the repository is under a personal user account, ask the developer to transfer ownership directly to a core team member’s personal account.

Author: **praise:** 
```suggestion
    1. If the repository is under an organisation account, ask the developer to add a core team member as a co-owner.
    2. If the repository is under a personal user account, ask the developer to transfer ownership directly to a core team member’s personal account.
```

> 1. [ ] Request ownership of the repo to be transferred from the dev
>     - If under a organisation repo: ask dev to add the core team member as a co-owner
>     - If under a user repo: ask dev to directly transfer ownship to core team member's private account
> 2. [ ] Transfer the repository to the nf-core organisation
>     - Go to repository settings
>     - Bottom of General page
>     - Press 'Transfer' next to 'Transfer ownership'
>     - Keep repository name as is (assuming it's correct based on approved name on proposal)

Author: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
1. [ ] Request ownership of the repo to be transferred from the dev
    1. If under a organisation repo: ask dev to add the core team member as a co-owner
    2. If under a user repo: ask dev to directly transfer ownship to core team member's private account
2. [ ] Transfer the repository to the nf-core organisation
    1. Go to repository settings
    2. Bottom of General page
    3. Press 'Transfer' next to 'Transfer ownership'
    4. Keep repository name as is (assuming it's correct based on approved name on proposal)
```

>     4. Keep repository name as is (assuming it's correct based on approved name on proposal)

Reviewer: I would go with if the name is correct keep it, otherwise correct it

Author: Done!

>     4. Keep repository name as is (assuming it's correct based on approved name on proposal)

Author: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
    4. If the name is correct keep it, otherwise correct it
```

3. [ ] Configure repository settings in the nf-core organisation.

>     1. Ask Matthias for the repository ruleset JSON files (these are still under development).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Ask Matthias for the repository ruleset JSON files (these are still under development, but pinned in the core channel).
```

    2. In the repository, go to **Settings**.

>     3. In the left sidebar, select Rules (under Code and automation).)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    3. In the left sidebar, select Rules (under Code and automation).
```

> 3. [ ] Set the repository settings on the repository now that is now under the nf-core organisation
>     1. Ask Matthias for the repository ruleset JSON files (still under active development)
>     2. Go to repository settings
>     3. Go to Rules page (under code and automation)
>     4. Press 'New ruleset'
>     5. Press 'Import a ruleset', select a JSON
>     6. Press 'Create' at the bottom of the page (do not modifiy anything)
>     7. Repeat 3.5-3.6 for each ruleset JSON

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. [ ] Configure repository settings in the nf-core organization.
    1. Ask Matthias for the repository ruleset JSON files (these are still under development).
    2. In the repository, go to **Settings**.
    3. In the left sidebar, select Rules (under Code and automation).)
    4. Select New ruleset.
    5. Select **Import a ruleset**, then select the appropriate JSON file.
    6. Select **Create** at the bottom of the page. Do not modify any fields.
    7. Repeat the import (step 5) and create (step 6) steps for each JSON file provided.
```

>     1. Ask Matthias for the repository ruleset JSON files (still under active development)
>     2. Go to repository settings
>     3. Go to Rules page (under code and automation)
>     4. Press 'New ruleset'
>     5. Press 'Import a ruleset', select a JSON
>     6. Press 'Create' at the bottom of the page (do not modifiy anything)
>     7. Repeat 3.5-3.6 for each ruleset JSON

Reviewer 4: Consistency over all!

```suggestion
    - Ask Matthias for the repository ruleset JSON files (still under active development)
    - Go to repository settings
    - Go to Rules page (under code and automation)
    - Press 'New ruleset'
    - Press 'Import a ruleset', select a JSON
    - Press 'Create' at the bottom of the page (do not modifiy anything)
    - Repeat 3.5-3.6 for each ruleset JSON
```

Author: But then the last point doesn't make referring to steps 3.5-3.6 :grimacing:
